big sis
Yeah right now but going harder than
we've ever been yeah I might not save
him in my boat and always ever seen
you're not right away but I rolling
always managing to pradesh you give that
away take off the people that support me
real car i'll go on my way in case you
before unread back who's in the problem
is that figure kayla you won't see me i
shoot in that costume is just the truth
i'm dropping off from a shoot and I all
streams and you're the target you're in
front and me running over there's a bit
we got we go go and hardening with
everything we got regard we gonna go and
hotter than with everything we go we go
hard we go hard going harder than with
everything we go hard if you don't
yo
I'm waves or staring at you say Simon of
Woodstock radar hey trucks hey Brooke
yeah what Kate rules and I'm prepared
for that cake or successful Kate door
hey on Mr Rudd hug it won't shake up
folk pitch hey Chuck wife is a branded
your frat told me mail but little did
they know that I'm Demma made it rain on
his Y all blademen that it's meter on
the hay on Uranus harder default turn
around room heard your CD and I was
bored sure yeah I told the fastest on
running mouth fool when I was Pete the
meadows in his mouth full now its peak
the metals in his mouth nice yeah I told
a nigga he'll pay to Katie crash to
commercial change if they pay me nice
the oldest Pisces wanna try hate me Owen
quiet over there
we going hard and with everything we got
God we go and we gon we gon we go hard
go and hotter than with everything we go
hard if you don't or did you let go
y'all
for you to name a better rapper Tommy
the angrier I tastic for I'm the one we
here at me but finally they can see if
your car sorry you can't over sign me
you can only understand so just
understand me I'm on top looking down on
your fake rappers acting on cameras and
we you'll know you're some fake actors
we're back we bring me and now you can't
mattress and this year's already also
and hard it'll be better be we got we go
go and hardening with everything we got
we got we gonna go and hot it with
everything we got we go hard going on
and with everything we go hard if you
don't or did you let go y'all
Oh
you